This module is an inspiration from Udemy's Machine Learning L-Z: Hands on using Python.

Regression model: are used for predicting a real value, for example salary. If our independent variable is time, then yo are forcasting future values, otherwise model is predicting present but unknown values, Regression techniques vary from Linear Regression to SVR and Random Forest Regression.

1.Simple Linear Regression
2.Multi Linear Regression
3. Polynomial Regression
4. Support Vector for Regression
5. Decision Tree Regression
6. Random Forest Regression

Before working on Linear Regression, it is suggested to check the below mentioned assumptions are True:
1. Linearity
2. Homoscedasticity
3. Multivariate Normality
4. Independence of errors
5. Lack of Multicollinearity

We always have to check, if our results are statistically significant or not! That is we have to check our hypothesis.
P-Value is the level of the marginal significance within the hypothesis testing that represents the probability of occurance of the given event. 
For eg, if P-value>0.05: The result is not statistically significant
if P=value<0.05: The result is statistically significant
 
Building a Model:
One can build a model using any of the 5-methods,
1. All-in
2. Backward Elimination
3. Forward Selection
4. Bidirectional Elimination
5. Score Comparision

Backward Elimination:
1. Select a significance level to stay in the model
2. Fit the full model with all possible predictors
3. Consider the predictor with the highest P-value,if P>SL then go to Step-4, else the Model is Ready
4. Remove the predictor
5. Fit model without this variable

Forward Selection
1. Select a SL to enter the model (eg, SL=0.05)
2. Fit all Simple Regression models y~xn, Select the one with the lowest P-value
3. Keep this variable and fit all possible models with one extra predictor added to the one we already have
4. Consider the predictor with the lowest P-vlaue. If P<SL go to step-3 else the model is ready

Bidirectional Elimination:
1. Select a SL to enter and to stay in the model.
SLENTER= 0.05, SLSTAY=0.05
2. Perform the next step of forward selection (variables must have P<SLENTER)
3. Perform the next steps of backward selection (Variable must have P<SLSTAY)
4. No new variables can enter and no old mariables can exit


Basically, 
1. Select a criterion if goodness of fit
2. Construct All Possible Regresion Models: 2^n-1 total combinations, where n=no.of rows
3. Select the one with the best criterion

